MeTube system is a modified version of the popular YouTube system (http://www.youtube.com). But, unlike YouTube system in which video is the only media type hosted, the content of MeTube system includes graphics objects, video, audio, images, and animation clips.Using MeTube system, users can upload and download multimedia files through a web interface. Users can also view multimedia files online through media players embedded in the web browser. Any user can view multimedia files in MeTube system using a web browser. However, a user must register an account to upload and manage (annotate, update, remove, etc.) the media files. When a user uploads a media file, Meta information about the media file should also be entered through the web interface. The Meta information includes the title and description of the media file, and the keywords used for searching the media file. The user can also specify how to share the media file with others (for instance, share with everybody or just friends, allow discussion or not, allow rating or not, etc.). The user can also change the Meta information of an uploaded media file or remove a media file if he/she does not want to share it anymore.Registered users can view media files they uploaded, downloaded, and viewed when they log into their respective accounts. Users can also organize media files they have viewed into playlists. A user can create many playlists. All media files uploaded by a user are organized into a broadcasting channel that other users can subscribe to. A user can also create a favorite list of media files. A user can subscribe to a broadcasting channel. A user can create a contact list which contains the account information of friends and other contacts. A user can also block other users from viewing/downloading the media files he/she uploaded. A user can invite friends to view/download media files through a simple messaging system. This messaging system works as a web-based email system with which users can send, receive, reply, and manage messages. A user can also create or join a group in which users can discuss a topic started by a user, or start a new discussion topic, or share opinions on media files.Any user can search MeTube system based on keywords or media file properties (such as dates uploaded, file size, media type, etc.). Users can also browse media files by category, time, popularity, etc. A user can rate the media file based on his/her viewing experience. A user can also make comments on a particular media file if the user who uploaded the media file enabled the discussion option for the media file. When a user selects a media file to view, links to other related media files should be provided (This is called media recommendation).Project Requirement:Although, as described in the syllabus, students should identify the MeTube system requirement by exploring YouTube system, they must implement a minimum set of functions listed below: 
(1) User account: A user needs to register for an account to use all MeTube system functions. Basic account functions include registration, sign-in, and profile update. The advanced features include: (i) contact list management (friend, family, favorite, etc.); (ii) blocking a user in the contact list. (2) Data sharing: A signed-in user should be able to use a web interface to upload multimedia files into MeTube system. This web interface should allow users to input meta-information about the multimedia file to be uploaded. Any user with a Web browser should be able to download and view media files available in MeTube system through a media player embedded in the web interface. Advanced data sharing features include: (i) setting the sharing methods for media files that a user uploaded; (ii) blocking certain users from downloading or viewing media files that a user uploaded. (3) Media organization: All users should be able to browse the media files by categories. Signed-in users should be able to organize their uploaded media files and their interested media files in different ways, including playlists and favorite lists. Advanced features include: (i) showing the most-viewed media files and the most-recently uploaded files; (ii) ordering media files in different ways (such as ordering based on name, size, uploading time, etc.) (4) User interaction: signed-in users should be able to interact with each other by exchanging messages and commenting on media files. Advanced features include: (i) allowing users to rate media files; (ii) allowing users to form discussion groups and discuss on certain topics related to media files. (5) Search: The students must implement a YouTube-like search interface to allow users to search media files based on keywords. Advanced features include: (i) displaying a word cloud based on the popularity of the keywords; (ii) recommending related media files to the user who currently views the media files; (iii) searching media files based on low level media features.